[Music]
hello mr. Brown's office yes is mr.
Brown in um just a moment please
no I'm sorry he isn't in where is he uh
I think he's in a meeting in a meeting
yes I think though will he be back by
2:00 o'clock yes I think so okay well
thank you you're welcome
command hi Sue
does mr. Brown have a meeting tomorrow
um I think he has a meeting um can you
check no I can't why not
my nails are wet can't I check sure
thanks
yes he does have a meeting tomorrow
thanks Eva you're rockin soon bye
hello mr. Brown's office hello hello
hello mr. Brown's office Sheila this is
mr. brown
oh hello mr. brown Sheila do I have a
meeting tomorrow um I think you have a
meeting tomorrow what time is my meeting
um I'm not sure well can you check sir
mr. brown
just a moment hello Sheila yes mr. brown
just a moment please
hello mr. Brown hello hello I think I
need a new job
[Music]
I like I like you today no Janet I
really like you I like you too no you
don't understand
I like you a lot Dave I like you a lot
too
[Music]
what day I love you I love you today
you love me too yeah I'm so happy I'm
happy two days I'm so happy Janet I want
to sing I want to sing Janet don't you
want to sing no I want to eat I'm hungry
Oh Janet
[Music]
oh is beautiful yes it is
who's this for that's for my aunt oh oh
it's so nice who's this for
that's for my uncle Oh your uncle and
this diary for the diary
that's for my boss that one oh that one
is for my brother
oh yeah
that telephone is for my sister she
loves talking on the telephone this much
oh it's beautiful
do you like it oh it's really nice
that's from my mom oh that's Cologne
I'll lose this war that's for my dad
what are these oh those are presents for
my friend for your friend yeah this one
is for mark oh this one is for bill
pretty and this one is for Karen I see
and this one's for you
oh and
[Music]
why do you like the beach
because it's quiet
it's not quiet here it's noisy well why
do you like the meat because it's sunny
it's not sunny it's cloudy and why did
you choose this hotel because it's cheap
yes it's cheap and it's noisy it's not
too noisy and it's near the beach why
did you choose this Beach because it's
not too far from the city
why did you choose this steak because
it's delicious
yes it's delicious but it's expensive
excuse me sir yes is this the line that
you ordered yes it is
and why did you choose that wine because
it's French I like French wine very much
[Music]
hi dad oh hi Sue how are you I'm fine
dad thanks that's good dad yes dear I
don't want to bother you
oh you're not bothering me well dad I I
need a new shirt for school okay
[Music]
here's $30 will that be enough
oh it's enough thanks dad you're the
greatest
I love you and I want you to be happy I
love you too dad
bye goodbye hi dad how are you I'm fine
dad oh I
I need a new shirt for school and well
what do you want can I borrow some money
go ask your mother I already asked her
ho all right how much $30 $30 that's too
much but dad here's 20 only 20 that's
not enough well go out and get a job
then
[Music]
you know you're very pretty pardon me I
said you're very pretty
oh no I'm not oh yes you're beautiful
well thank you you're very nice
I like your long hair really I don't
like women with short hair would you
like another drink sir yes please and
one for the lady Oh No thank you
come on just one well okay thank you
very much you're welcome my name is
Frank what sure's I'm Alan oh it's nice
to meet you Alice nice to meet you too
are you an American
no I'm nice I'm from Australia well yes
I do but it's cold here in New York in
December
yes very cold this is it cold in
Australia no it isn't it's very nice
where do you live in New York I live in
a tall old building in Manhattan Wow
sounds nice
I'd really like to see it is it very
expensive
yes it's very expensive I live in a
cheap old house in New Jersey in New
Jersey
yes it's quiet there it's not like New
York where it's really noisy and
expensive it's noisy and expensive here
but it's exciting
tell me yeah what is it well Alice are
you married yeah I am this is my husband
hello
[Music]
good morning how can I help you yes I
was wondering how much is it for a
ticket to Boston by air yes it's $80
dollars and how much my trained it's 16
dollars and by bus I but yes let me
check ok bye bus is $14 and how much
time does it take by bus
it takes 10 hours by bus and how much
time does it take by plane it takes 1
hour by air ok
that's fast yes very fast and how much
time does it take my train well the
Train is quite slow it takes 14 hours oh
that is slow yes it's slow but it's safe
I think I'll go by bus how much was that
$14 okay just a minute
there's $14 and when do you want to go I
would like to go on Saturday morning
okay
here's your ticket sir thank you very
much you're welcome have a nice trip
Thanks
[Music]
honey honey I bought a new blouse what
do you think of it I bought a new blouse
what do you think of it why did you
choose red oh because I like red
oh did you like it well it's very red I
know I love red and look look I bought a
new bag what I bought a new bag what do
you think oh do you like it it's really
pretty
how much is it oh it wasn't expensive
honey why did you choose a red bag
because I love red bags do you like it
it's not expensive
no it's cheap okay I like it good
because it goes so well with my new red
shoes you bought new shoes yeah what do
you think I'm on you see you already
have so many shoes oh but these are so
pretty do you like them why did you
choose red again because they go so well
with my new bag what do you think okay
you have a new bag new shoes and a new
blouse yes what do you think I think you
look like a new wife
oh here you go honey
Thanks Oh would you like for dinner
I don't know Oh would you like this um
sure
I don't care would you like for work um
sure Hank you oh you like steak oh sure
I don't care
would you like old shoe oh sure I don't
care
would you like a table near the window
near the window yes would you like that
yes I would like a table near the window
this way please thank you
here's the menu sir what would you like
to drink what do you have we have red
wine white wine ros wine champagne
coffee um do you have water
would you like water yes I would like
water what would you like for lunch I
don't know would you like our fish our
fish is delicious no I don't like fish
would you like beef our steak is
excellent no I don't like steak how
about our seafood our seafood is very
good I hate seafood well what would you
like do you have pizza no I'm sorry we
don't have pizza we do have Italian food
would you like Italian food no I will
have a salad very good one salad sir
thank you
[Applause]
here is your salad sir sir
hmm
[Music]
excuse me yes can you help me sure I'm
looking for the museum the museum yes
the museum on Park Avenue oh it's about
a half a kilometer that way that's the
kilometer uh-huh it's not far you can
walk thank you you're welcome
excuse me ma'am yeah can I help you yes
I'm going to the museum the museum on
Park Avenue yes that's right oh it's
quite far how far oh it's about half a
kilometer that way that way yes
Park Avenue is that way oh thanks you're
welcome excuse me yes
how late are you open we're open until
5:00 5:00 yes
it's 5:00 now I'm sorry you can come
back tomorrow alright see you tomorrow
[Applause]
[Music]
excuse me yes what is that woman
drinking she's drinking orange juice
she always drinks orange juice does she
come here a lot
not very often she usually comes two or
three times a month
does she like beer no she never drinks
beer
she always drinks orange juice does she
usually come alone usually but sometimes
she comes with her friends I'd like to
buy her a drink an orange juice yes
please
[Applause]
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
hi dr. Karen I'm going out to lunch now
what time will you be back I'll be back
about one o'clock dr. Wilson's office no
he's not in he's gone out for lunch and
he'll be back at 1 o'clock good bye
hi Karen hi dr. Johnson is dawn in no
he's going out for lunch
Oh what time will he be back one o'clock
thank you bye
[Applause]
dr. Wilson's office no I'm sorry he's
out for lunch
can I take a message call Christine okay
I'll give him the message you're welcome
bye
Lia's yes King I'm going out for lunch
can you answer the phone sure what time
will you be back
130 130 right and dr. Wilson is out to
lunch and he'll be back at 1 o'clock ok
well have a nice lunch Thanks
[Applause]
dr. Wilson's office no I'm sorry he's
out to lunch he'll be back at 1:30 no no
no 1 o'clock yes I can take a message
your name Bob and your phone number five
four three nine eight seven six okay
just one second please hold on hello
hello Oh No five four three nine seven
eight six no five four three nine six
eight seven mmm uh dr. Wilson's office
no Karen is out for lunch
she'll be back at one o'clock you're
welcome
bye dr. Wilson's office I'm sorry dr.
Wilson is out for lunch he'll be back at
do you want to leave a message
okay call dr. Brown at three o'clock
okay thank you I will give him the
message you're welcome bye hello dr.
Wilson's office hello dr. Wilson's
office
[Music]
[Applause]
hi han this is bill hi how are you fine
and can you go to a movie with me on
Friday on Friday yeah I'm sorry I can't
I have to go visit a friend in the
hospital okay
well next time then sure go bye-bye
hello Nancy
yes this is Bill oh hi Bill how are you
oh I'm just fine Nancy can you go
dancing with me on Friday night Oh bill
I'm sorry but I have to go shopping with
my mom on Friday night really that's too
bad
yeah I'm really sorry no problem
next time okay okay talk to you later
bill bye
hello mass speak to Fred please just a
minute please
hello hey Fred its bill oh hi mill what
are you doing well I'm calling to see if
you can go bowling with me on Friday
night I'm sorry I can't I have to go
shopping with Nancy on Friday night
shopping with Nancy yes I'm sorry it's
ok bye Fred bye bye
[Music]
[Applause]
come on
gosh I'm surprised Oh Susan oh I am so
busy I have to go to the supermarket I
have to go to the bank I have to clean
the house I have to wash clothes and I
have to cut the grass and I have to cook
dinner me too
I have to go to the beauty shop I have
to go to the hospital to visit a friend
I have to go to the dentist I have to
visit my mother I'm busy too well
talk to you later bye
[Applause]
[Music]
are you ready to order not yet I'm
waiting for a friend would you like
something to drink yes I would like
another glass of wine please
certainly sir Oh waiter yes sir where is
the phone it's over there sir thank you
good evening ma'am
hello table for one no for two I'm
meeting a friend this way please
okay
are you ready to order now huh no I'm
still waiting for a friend oh yes sir
Oh waiter yes sir where's the men's room
it's over here sir oh thank you excuse
me oh yes ma'am where is the ladies room
it's right over there ma'am
okay thank you you're well Judy Frank
you're late I'm late excuse me oh you're
late no I've been here for an hour
you're late for an hour excuse me
oh I'm late oh I'm sorry why were you
late excuse me I had to work overtime
excuse me that's okay are you hungry yet
I'm very hungry let's see okay you're
late I know I know why are you late my
car broke down your car broke down yeah
so I took the train you took the Train
so why are you late I missed the Train
how did you miss the train
well I had to go to the dentist to
Dennis yeah my tooth hurt so how did you
get here
I came by taxi by taxi how are we going
to get the money home we can take
another taxi taxi are you crazy I'm not
crazy
how did you get here I take the bus we
can just take another bus home a bus are
you crazy I'm not crazy
not again do you want to do something
now yeah what about you what do you want
to do I want to go to the park why do
you want to go to the park I want to see
some flowers in trees but I don't want
to go to the park do you want to go to
the cinema not really I want to go to
the supermarket do you want to buy
something yeah I want to buy some
Kludd and fruits I'm hungry okay
I'll go with you now we'll look at the
pronunciation of each word and sentences
do you do you wanna do you wanna do some
thing remember th some thing now
something now match them together at
work by work that you can speak quickly
something now something now do something
now do you want to go out with me where
do you want to go I want to go to the
shopping more what do you want to buy I
want to buy some shirts and dresses and
I want to buy a pair of shoes so let's
go with me now do you wanna do you wanna
go out go out with me go out with me do
you want to go out with me where do you
want to go wait you wanna go I want to
go I want to go to the shopping mall to
the shopping mall shopping remember s H
shopping shopping more and this is a
long or more shopping mall I want to go
to the shopping mall
I want to go to the shopping more what
do you want to buy what do you want to
buy I want to buy some shirts and
dresses shirts dresses one dress and
dresses okay - Oh more dresses
I want to buy some shirts and dresses
shirts and trusted selling them together
shirts and dresses I want to buy some
shirts and dresses and I and I and I
wonder and I want her and I want to buy
a pair of a pair of shoes anything
anything that have two things together
like maybe let a pair of earrings a pair
of glasses you have to say a parent that
means to go together the same for the
same thing
like a pair of shoes and I want to buy a
pair of shoes so let's go with me so
let's go with me hi come in long time no
see how are you I'm still good do you
wanna drink something well I want to
have some tea please
sure do you want to eat some cookies
that would be great thanks okay
hi come in okay linked them together
come in come in a long time no see long
time no see
hi chameleon long time no see how are
you
how misses remember don't say how okay
I don't say hope this is how how are you
I'm still step steal steal good I'm
Steve Kerr do you want to drink
something do you wanna do remember dr
dura direct drink something
do you want to drink something what I'm
still I'm still good dude we're doing
something sure oh sorry
well I want well I want to have some tea
please
well I want to have some tea please and
a half remember this is have well I want
to have some tea please remember please
please sure sure
do you want to eat some cookies do you
wanna do you wanna eat some cookies do
you wanna eat some cookies that'll be
great great that'll be great thanks
thanks